Neat Video
To make video cleaner.

LEGAL INFORMATION

COPYRIGHT
Neat Video (c) 1999-2013 ABSoft. All rights reserved.

LICENCE AGREEMENT
By downloading and/or using the Neat Video OpenFX plug-in (Win)
software (called "Neat Video" hereunder in this agreement) you indicate
that you accept this license agreement. If you are unable or unwilling
to accept this license agreement then you may not use Neat Video and
must return and/or destroy all copies of Neat Video in your possession.

YOU MAY
- Use the Demo edition of Neat Video free of charge for non-commercial
  purposes only.

- Copy and distribute the Demo edition of Neat Video.

- Run the Home or Pro edition of Neat Video on one (or more, up to the
  number specified in your license) computer (computers) at a time for
  commercial and other purposes provided you are a registered user and
  you have a valid license for the corresponding edition of Neat Video.

YOU MAY NOT
- Sublicense, rent, lease and sell any version or edition of Neat Video
  or any portion of it including the license data without the explicit
  written permission from the Neat Video team, ABSoft.

- Copy, share and distribute the Home and Pro edition of Neat Video or
  any portion of it including the license data without the explicit
  written permission from the Neat Video team, ABSoft.

- Decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, modify, clone and emulate
  any version or edition of Neat Video or any portion of it including
  the license data.

- Use the Home and Pro edition of Neat Video if you are not registered
  user.

TERM AND TERMINATION
If you are a registered user of the Home or Pro edition of Neat Video
and you have purchased a license for a certain major version and edition
of Neat Video then you may use this major version (including all minor
updates of the same major version) and edition of the software without
time limitations provided you observe this license agreement.

A license for a certain major version of Neat Video may be extended to
a higher major version. By decision of the Neat Video team, ABSoft,
this extension may be automatic and free or may involve an upgrade fee.

You may terminate this license agreement at any time by returning or
destroying all copies of Neat Video in your possession and notifying
the Neat Video team.

This license agreement will terminate immediately if you infringe upon
the Neat Video team, ABSoft's copyrights or breach this agreement.
Copyright infringement or breaching this agreement may also result in
criminal or civil prosecution.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
The authors make no warranty or representation, either express or implied,
with respect to this software, its quality, accuracy, merchantability,
or fitness for a particular purpose. This software is provided "as is",
and you, its user, assume the entire risk as to its quality and accuracy.

DISTRIBUTION
The Demo edition of Neat Video may be distributed unmodified provided
any charge is to cover distribution costs only. The Demo edition of
Neat Video may be placed on magazine discs as long as the Neat Video
team is informed.
